what then I that they are
born little stopgaps little
he asks then I see you nothing
sicily this moment therefore if they are
antonio no longer exists and therefore not
we know in which then antonio in the
his legacy gave me the channel then
news in which now but certainly a proxy
fire someone who left you
in the sale of licenses he realizes that
we have but maybe they don't know how it works
maybe not everyone knows then about
these bumps work like this in here
there are toto sheets of folded sheets
and then become that of agropoli sheets
bent there are rule questions
euros he needs and play with
we really are very ignorant about
these things we will do best
of the 3 and we see that it happens or I don't have to
help we open will pause the
video yes I should not go in
comments when the leader thinks about it
put the main comment already
start writing after the end send it
when it is looked at apartment building and we see e
you can't escape
go go if the first one as false because
then zelda happened because to us it is
happened zelda okay then how do you do a
call yourself a fan of zelda if you don't know that
this screenshot comes from this
specific title of the saga
ocarina of time is the only case it is hot
actually i think it's 3d you know this can
tell us I don't know if you can pass this
law is not that he sees it to the maximum yes
but if he would be captain
crap all
I am ashamed of the obviousness of this
question but this checks see which one
then I believe that exile of consort
mega drive
no our master system guys ok
okay i can still recovered it
particularly small will now happen to him
super mario type this game he has
made the videogaming series I only know
one thing could be called different
knowing you I'm talking about is not
for sure you because the different type
clearly it is perhaps not a thing
moment I am trying to arrange the
I know for sure I know I know not
we know it but it's already seen
I don't remember the title but maybe I did
already seen these notes the symbolic estimates
absolute in the history of revisits
politicians of course I'm talking about
reefer to live what hour
the ballet I don't know the pronunciation is right
I often do in fantasy Us 1 1
1 from gamers cm can be defined as such if
he does not know that this game is the very famous
you know or count the captains did
law I want a sister is certain that
I also knew I knew the question
of the protagonists but see is one of the
protagonists enter so famous that they are
name should come up to in a loud voice
solo coach knowledge church i 'm
listing the title of this game is
the other always what they then have
fact is that it is the same different
the ignorant I don't remember how
call it has caused problems but it
I know
if you haven't played that touch you don't know
I'm not even talking now
I would say but customers account but you realize
that happened to me with saw saturn reda
bomber happened we do n't know if it will arrive
will arrive at 2 and now I just want to see
a feud but the favorite of years one
of the most famous flogger of the strange
sounds i'm sure it's about
I don't know but that sucks
the words father said lanza wanted
that makes kids crazy
de chevet we do n't have the comments because
it is good marcantonio in sicily on okay
then leave me all the work to me but
thank you nothing is not true anyway
will respond to comments while the
mister i will have internet i will have them inter
beach from temporary village slide ma
the donkey antonio on the beach I'm looking for
to work people
exact that tries to work then the
today's parade has sent us there
they have passed on in the past will
that by now we must always very good that
we all want a lot of Venus and
this time I really like it because
for once I'll be at the center
here then that the mac is enough just ast
antonio even if not okay okay if
the reverse link that I home a lot that
a logical and you are low to the right than of
left but of hair while instead of
here there is less I do n't think I have all the
money with a thumb and amro English
I kind of invite you think I don't know
I'm always invited, however, Antonio is
fantastic to the ultra kawaii eyes
I too want to open the crisis for him
seen as a fan thanks anyway various
to really have it every now and then that looks like that
don't say it quite powerfully but
indeed he was there he was lowering a finger
I speak based game there are no
it will be the pool because you have to answer
the doses I think he understood the
story that lowering
when you go down I have to explain something
ok I concentrate problem if I came
these in the comments results of yours
quiz and see if this can separate
because it is called more than three driveways
questions we have given 6 exact you can
that is up to 6 then even after chiar
see you what happens
anyway if you liked video not
go nice i like to subscribe to the channel a
this time and beautiful to wear and yes
see from next hello gamer hello
if lorsignori grant my
advice is to view the next one
episode of bile google tv where you are
illustrious and superfine guests suffered not
waste time
look at the next episode